# The-Importance-Male-and-Female-Equality
You will be with you and human species. Humans who in their lifetime experience any form of inequality will naturally encounter the feelings and emotions of oppression. Humans like most other species in nature when experiencing any form of suppression will receive the natural triggers of "fight or flight" set of instincts.

Throughout human history, both men and women have been taught to submit to gendered inequality and the associated feelings of oppression that follow such inequality. As generation after generation of man and women oppressed each other, we subconsciously form negative gender stereotypes of one male and females can and cannot do within the workforce of our society and within the social and political circles of our communities.

In human society, we experience the promotion of both male and female gender suppression from both the men and women in our society. The suppression of femininity and its associated stereotypes over many generations throughout human history has literally affected the DNA of the female human society, as well as the mindset of the male humans within our society. Generations of the male humans have learned dangerous stereotypes of how women should look and act.

Many male humans have adapted to the stereotype of small, frail women, with little or no muscle structure and a soft composition. Less attention is paid towards female strength, body conditioning, and physical toughness and women who are taught to find a man that will take care of them and protect them from danger.

Chasing women destroys masculinity because it makes men try to surround themselves with women, overlooking valuable masculine asset through relationships. Balances must be found.

As women submit to the gender stereotypes that they are taught that they must find a mail from within our society to gain protection and provisions enough to start a family. This type of bias teaching women can become domesticated and lose the ability to provide for themselves or learn the techniques needed to protect themselves from the physical or "mental harm which is readily available in our community".

These gender stereotypes of finding and settling down with it investigated women has affected the natural selection of the human species. The subliminal process of selective breeding for smaller, weaker, and more dependent women within our society has brought out many valuable traits that create strengths in our community. Strong, sturdy, beautiful, independent women have become a minority within our community in modern society.

Many men have learned to realize these strengths and are able to see the weaknesses of gender stereotypes. While it is a good thing that men are now looking for independent women it is still considered a rarity among the female species when in fact both males and females should be able to find independent humans.

While our gene pool has been altered we still have the opportunity to change our selection process in order to breed children who are capable of equal strengths in both our male and female offspring. In most species on earth, males and females alike search for breeding partners from only the strongest and most fit for the species. In natural selection, those that do not excel in physical and or mental strengths which can be passed on to their offspring are simply not selected by the opposite sex for breeding. If the human species is to survive and evolve to our full potential, we must be willing to follow the natural selection process of species which have evolved successfully on a planet. While many attractive mental and physical traits are sought out and women by males in our society, we must further narrow our search to seek out strength in those which we choose to make a contribution towards the genetic pool of our species. Those who practice habits will pass those habits onto their young both in utero anther child raising.

And of these women who carries a child will give birth to overweight offspring who will carry with them their heritage Annex many of the health problems of obesity and poor diet. An obese father will raise children with poor dietary habits and he will often contribute to unhealthy diet of the mother during pregnancy and after birth. A frail women with little or no muscle mass will contribute to society physically weaker offspring which must compete with those of a stronger natural justice shouldn't. A man with no natural muscle who does not maintain a healthy level of fitness will raise children with no desire to physically condition their bodies to improve their physical abilities or two appear attractive to the opposite sex to natural selection.

Women who engage in lustful adulterous acts will raise children with the impression that this type of lifestyle is okay. Many times these women will engage in intercourse with men that they are not fully committed to and will birth children with little or no parental stability. These type of women are often the type of women who will have issues with self-esteem and confidence and will raise their children alone or with many men in and out of the child's life. This type of lifestyle subconsciously chooses children the normalization of these traits, which affects on multiple generations of human offspring without stable, and positive influences during childhood. Often, these lustful women attract men who form relationships with them solely for the purpose of gratifying sexual desires.

This creates a dangerous environment for children who learn from these men, bad habits and poor decision-making skills related towards sexual gratification, relationships with the opposite sex, self worth and selection of a stable mating partner. Furthermore children of these households stand a chance of becoming victims of the mothers sexual partners. In many cases where mother has many sexual partners, she either neglects or has not learned the process of choosing mentally stable male counterparts and may bring home dangerous criminals into the home, who come for the sole purpose of fulfilling sexual desires, which are children are at risk of falling victim to.
